Test Cases of a Login Page: (https://www.saucedemo.com/index.html)
1.	Verify login page is launched when url is entered in browser.
2.	Verify that the login screen contains elements such as Username, Password, Login button
3.	Verify that the login screen contains logos and images such as login logo, bot column
4.	Verify that tab functionality is working properly or not
5.	Verify that Enter key works as a substitute for the Login button
6.	Verify that all the fields such as Username, Password has a valid placeholder
7.	Verify that User is able to Login with Valid Credentials
8.	Verify that User is not able to Login with invalid Username and invalid Password
9.	Verify that User is not able to Login with Valid Username and invalid Password
10.	Verify that User is not able to Login with invalid Username and Valid Password
11.	Verify that User is not able to Login with blank Username or Password
12.	Verify that validation message is displayed in case when User leaves Username or Password as blank
13.	Verify that User is not able to Login with inactive credentials
14.	Verify that validation message is displayed in case of entering invalid Username and password fields
15.	Verify that clicking on browser back button after successful login should not take User to log out mode
16.	Verify that clicking on browser back button after successful logout should not take User to logged in mode
17.	Verify that there is a limit on the total number of unsuccessful login attempts (No. of invalid attempts should be based on business logic)
18.	Verify that the password is in encrypted form when entered
19.	Verify the password can be copy-pasted
20.	Verify that encrypted characters in “Password” field should not allow decrypting if copied
21.	Verify that User should be able to login with the new password after changing the password
22.	Verify that User should not be able to login with the old password after changing the password
23.	Verify that spaces should not be allowed before any password characters attempted
24.	Verify that whether User is still logged in after series of actions such as Login, close browser and reopen the application.
25.	Verify that the logout link is redirected to login page
26.	Verify that validation message is displayed in case of exceeding the character limit of the Username and Password fields

Test Cases of a Home Page: (https://www.saucedemo.com/inventory.html)
1.	Verify that User is redirected to home page after successful login
2.	Verify all links in home page are working
	Etc…

Test cases written with some assumptions. 

